You were tasked with using what you've learned here,
as well as your own research to identify areas where
an IT department could perform
its duties while implementing the principle of least privilege.
Let's see how you did. Here are
two suggestions that could be implemented separately or combined.
There are privileged management applications such as CyberArk,
that allow the checking out of administrator or root level accounts and passwords.
Effectively, they generate a one-time password that will be used for that single event.
The IT department can configure two different user accounts.
For a vast majority of their day,
they'll be using their user-level account.
When an administrator or root account is needed,
they'll login with their privilege account just for that task.
For example, Jane Smith can have
a normal jsmith account with an administrator account of!jsmith,
also known as bang jsmith